guys put the plan of the difficult one
difficult and the level of
matches here are Brazilian and Japanese
is chineiro the level is still
unbelievable
and now you will see the fight and in the end
of the song on the player chi chuan
I believe so
I thought it was a check but I already
cried balchug still in the bitch sent
for the lusa and by uses the player of 11
and arrived at 32 piauí by unisul and now
he solved and goes well on top of two
hacked the time it rained less in
style played only of will see just beating and
then I should also point out that I was
32 it was really cool the people I
particularly had not yet seen
play like cars together
That very crazy rackham
the hype was a friend who won me where here
I know the Japanese are really Japanese.
It's turbinando even the guy who loves it.
must be the hero of the guys who are faithful
faithful to the character isabel in all
averages benfica plays role because some
players might be a
certain weakness of tournament
in his case however at this moment
can not be that because beauty the people
have to take into account the gringos
but taking it out again that my
face that has the chance with only this
arrive maybe the same as the year
past that was japan japan foot of
Tasmanian japan mothers Brazil this year
To telebrasil or brazil in the last hour
exactly and it 's taiwan it's just for the comic book there
This match is a very difficult, expensive paper.
in fact that situation like that
Once again the trauma makes some
skyfall real life i am
I wanted to be his commemoration.
is our mini said Brazilian boxing is
guys at this peak and now I think
he will trade the sakura of madness game
possibly madness to play on top of
opponent's defense fails to try
change the game more solid is I do not know
Dude, it could just be my impression.
but in the last times that I have
seen playing I think this thing him
It's stronger, I thought.
about the difference of gold but this
Curve is true, this is what I think
played as a bag because most of the
The players that I see is no way to have
a conflict in the guy's heart when the
face plays with two new characters
imagine that when he loses his
thinking championship had played with the
past period
sure sure but it 's own
and speaks each of the signs of
weakness and you keep mulling defeats
It's good for streets, but if I did it
or that's not the guy going to your
experience and will go forward
Look , look , look at the show.
He is also a firefighter who is not only Japanese.
very dominant in this match with
This cure is really and you can see from here.
that the killing with the semblante totally
concentrated there or ending the
kid
everything for you so much difference is that
instead of looking for photo photo barrels almost
full bar that curve there to start the
your patton army and ex is
starting exactly now we will have
tactical changes in the other I can not
confirm this here on the site in good
entry will end never chose
the game modes you can confirm -
has not yet chosen the rock where
exclusive information will lower the
that supports this with all certainty
we will have a menu you can configure
your control is still an answer
well despite the first round
completely dominant of the show he
managed to respond well
and now will he choose a point
specifically to bring the people lead
for this much completely friend now
it's coming, it's coming, it's going wine
He stopped at college while abel
defends now released from the fields but
you need to remember if you keep the
pressure of 30 on the defense to
bar is remains
so often when the opponent
So try to stay running. It's good to do.
and fleeing defending that even if you
reveals that he will be continuous
exactly the galley applauds the adaptation
because this match as it is
semifinal still be better than three with
Who is this now?
Our dear Jorge, light.
Just so in the game with attention here
his wife genetically tweeting
frantically
not only that she applauds every move
and all the combos that it fits
she draws attention to herself if she
Disappoints when anything less
20 minutes she is disappointed
I'll punish you when I get home.
look what fires and sure you would see this
kick and I have no doubt that the
certainty was so great that why she
was soon contoured entered strong that already
I was able to put the internet
to kill
most attacks are looking at this
It's a team error because I think so.
have to have at least the training that
correctly aborted can not exit
jumping that touch and what else
impress was what is a perceived and
determined sometimes we do not give to
whether the error or whether it was in faith is a
superhero is a great show before total
here total doctor today
who to take took and deserved two bars to
each one is an object of the
very good abel who takes to that
roy sector difficult situation and shock
great defense but when kicking the wando there
that can return to the year
Let's see how the body was, everything was already
here is the chance to take it directly
to the corner the match returns in half
of the fight where there is who will like it
is really the beautiful nobel played the show
letting him know he behaves in the jungle
or gave the paçoca we know that
has an experience with this error of
rain and delivered the paçoca
tfmf tournament 2003 the show ends here
today
on the 8th of September